WebView2 source map handling (#3384)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/webview2/how-to/debug-visual-studio-code.md

"request": "launch",
"runtimeExecutable": "C:/path/to/your/webview2/app.exe",
"env": {

>    // The following variable is needed when "runtimeExecutable" property is set.

Reviewer: @mikosg - at a glance, it's not entirely clear which lines the comment wants to delete.  
Idea: Teach @dhveerap how to use the great UI feature in GH PR review UI: the **Add a suggestion** button.  @sivMSFT - 
The **[+/-] Suggested Change** button is available here when you enter a new comment.  Between triple-backtick lines, modify the text eg delete several lines.

>    // The following variable is needed when "runtimeExecutable" property is set.
>    // The port number below shall match the value of "port" property above.
>    "WEBVIEW2_ADDITIONAL_BROWSER_ARGUMENTS": "--remote-debugging-port=9222" 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Tech review this change.  Akhila Veerapuraju - https://github.com/dhveerap wrote "remove, b/c VS code remote debugging port changes are not needed".  @dhveerap @mikosg

Reviewer: How to enter a multi-line Suggested Change comment like the above:
https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/reviewing-changes-in-pull-requests/commenting-on-a-pull-request#adding-comments-to-a-pull-request
@dhveerap, @sivMSFT 

It was not easy nav'ing to that page of GitHub UI docs!  Here's the nav path I found:

How to nav to Docs at GH site: At bottom middle of page, click Docs link, then scroll down to Getting started section.  Then:

To learn UI for entering PR Comment: Click About pull requests, then in TOC on left, scroll down to Review changes > Comment on a PR. 
https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/reviewing-changes-in-pull-requests/commenting-on-a-pull-request

To learn Markdown tagging: Click Basic writing and formatting syntax.
https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax

Reviewer 2: In this file only `Source maps with WebResourceRequested event or virtual host name mapping part.` part should be there, every other change must be removed.

Reviewer: keep h2 section, revert any other changes:
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3aa9d680-eeff-4ceb-80d1-e0bfe9d62f8b)

Reviewer: confirmed to delete these 3 lines.

Reviewer: deleted 3 lines.  after closing all other Comments for this file, close this comment.

"webRoot": "${workspaceFolder}/path/to/your/assets"
```

> > Instead of setting the `WEBVIEW2_ADDITIONAL_BROWSER_ARGUMENTS` environment variable, you can add a new registry value named `<myApp.exe>` with data `--remote-debugging-port=9222` to the registry under registry key `Computer\HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\Policies\Microsoft\Edge\WebView2\AdditionalBrowserArguments`, so that the debugger can find the proper port. See [WewbView2 browser flags](../concepts/webview-features-flags.md) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
deleting per [Comment](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/pull/3384/files#r1965590535) 
@mikosg @dhveerap

"runtimeExecutable": "C:/path/to/your/webview2/myApp.exe",
"env": {
   "Path": "%path%;e:/path/to/your/build/location; "

> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
},
"useWebView": true
```
reverting this change, per [Comment](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/pull/3384/files#r1965590535) 
@mikosg @dhveerap

   ![The resulting registry key in the Registry Editor](./debug-visual-studio-code-images/set-debugging-port-registry-key.png)

> > Instead of adding the above registry key, you can set the `WEBVIEW2_ADDITIONAL_BROWSER_ARGUMENTS` environment variable to `--remote-debugging-port=9222`. Make sure that your application was started after the environment variable had been set, and that your application inherits the variable. See [WewbView2 browser flags](../concepts/webview-features-flags.md) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
reverting this addition, per [Comment](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/pull/3384/files#r1965590535) 
@mikosg @dhveerap 
 in `debug-visual-studio-code.md`

   ![Run and Debug](./debug-visual-studio-code-images/attach-uwp.png)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->

> ## Source maps with the `WebResourceRequested` event or virtual host name mapping

Reviewer: global in PR: 
* Source maps with the `WebResourceRequested` event or virtual host name mapping
* Source maps by using the `WebResourceRequested` event or virtual host name mapping
* Loading source maps by using the `WebResourceRequested` event or virtual host name mapping

https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/u/using-by-using-with

@captainbrosset @dhveerap - I have to decide whether to change 'with' to 'by using', per corp style guide, "with" is an ambig. wildcard word, like "involving", or "having something to do with".

   ![Run and Debug](./debug-visual-studio-code-images/attach-uwp.png)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Source maps with `WebResourceRequested` event or virtual host name mapping

> Source maps are needed to debug the source code of compiled content like transpiled JavaScript (e.g. TypeScript, minified JavaScript) or CSS (e.g. SASS, SCSS). WebView2 does not load source maps referenced by content which was loaded using either [WebResourceRequested event](../concepts/working-with-local-content.md#loading-local-content-by-handling-the-webresourcerequested-event) or [virtual host name mapping](../concepts/working-with-local-content.md#loading-local-content-by-using-virtual-host-name-mapping). See details and solutions for [WebResourceRequested event here](../concepts/working-with-local-content.md#source-maps-with-virtual-host-name-mapping), and for [virtual host name mapping here](../concepts/working-with-local-content.md#source-maps-with-virtual-host-name-mapping).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Source maps are needed to debug the source code of compiled content, such as:
* Transpiled JavaScript, such as TypeScript or minified JavaScript.
* Compiled CSS, such as SASS or SCSS.

WebView2 doesn't load source maps that are referenced by content which was loaded by using either [WebResourceRequested event](../concepts/working-with-local-content.md#loading-local-content-by-handling-the-webresourcerequested-event) or [virtual host name mapping](../concepts/working-with-local-content.md#loading-local-content-by-using-virtual-host-name-mapping). See details and solutions for [WebResourceRequested event here](../concepts/working-with-local-content.md#source-maps-with-virtual-host-name-mapping), and for [virtual host name mapping here](../concepts/working-with-local-content.md#source-maps-with-virtual-host-name-mapping).
```
finish reformatting like in other files.

Reviewer: result:
```
<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Source maps with the `WebResourceRequested` event or virtual host name mapping

Source maps are needed to debug the source code of compiled content, such as:
* Transpiled JavaScript, such as TypeScript or minified JavaScript.
* Compiled CSS, such as SASS or SCSS.

WebView2 doesn't load source maps that are referenced by content which was loaded by using either approach:

* The `WebResourceRequested` event.  See:
   * [Loading local content by handling the `WebResourceRequested` event](../concepts/working-with-local-content.md#loading-local-content-by-handling-the-webresourcerequested-event) in _Using local content in WebView2 apps_.
   * [Source maps with the `WebResourceRequested` event](../concepts/working-with-local-content.md#source-maps-with-the-webresourcerequested-event) in _Using local content in WebView2 apps_.

* Virtual host name mapping.  See:
   * [Loading local content by using virtual host name mapping](../concepts/working-with-local-content.md#loading-local-content-by-using-virtual-host-name-mapping) in _Using local content in WebView2 apps_.
   * [Source maps with virtual host name mapping](../concepts/working-with-local-content.md#source-maps-with-virtual-host-name-mapping) in _Using local content in WebView2 apps_.
```

> <!-- ====================================================================== -->
> ## Source maps with `WebResourceRequested` event or virtual host name mapping
> 
> Source maps are needed to debug the source code of compiled content like transpiled JavaScript (e.g. TypeScript, minified JavaScript) or CSS (e.g. SASS, SCSS). WebView2 does not load source maps referenced by content which was loaded using either [WebResourceRequested event](../concepts/working-with-local-content.md#loading-local-content-by-handling-the-webresourcerequested-event) or [virtual host name mapping](../concepts/working-with-local-content.md#loading-local-content-by-using-virtual-host-name-mapping). See details and solutions for [WebResourceRequested event here](../concepts/working-with-local-content.md#source-maps-with-virtual-host-name-mapping), and for [virtual host name mapping here](../concepts/working-with-local-content.md#source-maps-with-virtual-host-name-mapping).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
reverting this h2 section addition, per [Comment](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/pull/3384/files#r1965590535) 
@mikosg @dhveerap 
 in `debug-visual-studio-code.md`

Reviewer: might have to entirely delete this comment, might be seeing Outdated markdown, i think we're supposed to keep this h2
